your_first_game.rst: Clarify a section raised in an issue (#3723)
godotengine/godot-docs: getting_started/step_by_step/your_first_game.rst

- Click the down arrow next to "[empty]" and choose "Load". Select
  ``Mob.tscn``.

> Next, click on the ``Player`` node and, if you have not, select the Node-tab
> instead of the Inspector-tab from the sidebar. You should see a list of the
> signals for the ``Player`` node. Find and double-click the ``hit`` signal in
> the list (or right-click it and select "Connect..."). This will open the
> "Connect a Signal" window. We want to make a new function named ``game_over``,
> which will handle what needs to happen when a game ends.

Reviewer: I'd rephrase a bit, e.g.:
```suggestion
Next, select the ``Player`` node in the Scene dock, and access the Node dock on
the sidebar. Make sure to have the Signals tab selected in the Node dock.

You should see a list of the signals for the ``Player`` node. Find and
double-click the ``hit`` signal in the list (or right-click it and select
"Connect..."). This will open the the signal connection dialog. We want to make
a new function named ``game_over``, which will handle what needs to happen when
a game ends.
```

Author: skipped the double the and changed the second instance of `"Connect a Signal" window` into `signal connection dialog`
